

Q1) What is a NETWORK ?
Ans --> A Network is a system of connected devices/computers.
        Network can exist at various levels :-
        i) Lets say, in a room we have a laptop,a PC,a router and a phone and they are connected with each other. This forms a Network and this type of 
           network is called LAN.(LOCAL AREA NETWORK)
        ii) Similarly,we can have various cities connected with each other lets say Delhi-Punjab-Chandigarh etc....This type of Network is called MAN.
            (Metropolitian Area Network).
        iii) Similarly,when countries are connected with each other then at that level it is called as WAN(Wide Area Network).

       Also,a network can be wired or wireless.


Q2) What is Internet ? 
Ans --> Internet comes from two different words --> Interconnected and Networks.
        It is a global system under which millions of devices are connected with each other.
        It is also commonly called as Network of Networks.

        Millions of LAN,MAN,WAN together form a global system of network that is called as Internet.


Q3) What is Web ?
Ans --> Web is also known as WWW.
        WWW stands for World Wide Web.
        World Wide Web is a subset of Internet.
        It is a system where interconnected documents and resources exist.
        We can use WEB using a WEB BROWSER AND INTERNET.


Q4) What is IP Address ?
Ans --> IP Address stand for Internet Protocol Address.
        Every device on a network has a unique IP address. And this helps to uniquely identify that device.


Q5) What is a Browser ?
Ans --> A browser is a tool and software which helps us to access the world wide web.
        Ex-> Google Chrome,Mozilla Firefox,Opera,Safari etc


Q6) What is a Browser Enginer ?
Ans --> It is the underlying brain of the browser.


Q7) Explain Client Server Model ?
Ans --> Client is any device that makes a request.It can be a PC or a Browser or a CLI anything. The client makes a request, this request can be of the 
        following types i) GET ii) PUT iii) POST iv) DELETE. 
        Server is the device that gives back the response after processing.


Q8) What is a Protocol Stack ?
Ans --> Protocols are a set of rules and regulations that has to be followed.

        Application Layer --> it is specific to the application 
        TCP Layer --> It assign or tells us about the port number.
        IP Layer --> It gives us the IP address of the destination system.
        Then it goes through either the wired or wireless medium and reaches the destination system.


Q9) How INTERNET WORKS ?
Ans --> So,lets assume I'm using my laptop and my laptop is connected to the router. Whenever I open the brower and lets say I write google.com 
        the browser first convers this domain name to an IP address and this process is known as DNS resolution.Domain Name System Servers help us to 
        find the exact and correct IP address for a domain name. After this out request goes through different routers and finally reaches our
        Local Internet Service Provider (Local ISP), if our local ISP knows about this IP address it will route us to that address using some routers.But in 
        case it does not know about the IP address it will move this request to its parent router that is Regional Internet Service Provider. There again
        it matches our IP address in the routing table and if found it will route us to the desired location.But if not then it will forward the request to
        its parent router that is National Internet Service Provider and then It will finally route us to the desired IP address.

        Upon reaching there, the google servers will process the request and then send back the response.Again it will travel with the help of routers and 
        finally reach our browser.Upon reaching our browser assembles everything and then renders it with the help of HTML,CSS and Javascript.
